vga2
====
Project Proposal

We are going to create a game where an object cannot touch vertical lines moving across the screen. These vertical lines will be moving from the right side of the screen to the left side. They will be in pairs, one line at the top of the screen and one at the bottom. The space inbetween the lines is where the object should go and the lines will differ in size so the space will differ in location. Pressing a button will cause the object to rise and if a button is not pressed it will fall on its own. This game is a lot like the game “Helicopter” or the app game “Flappy Bird”. We will start by learning how to program to the monitor. Then we’ll learn about moving graphics on the screen. After we are well versed we will program the object that will be moving in between the bars. This object has to move up on command and fall when nothing is pressed. Then we will program the bars moving across the screen and learn how to vary their positions. Once we have the bars we’ll learn how to make the game stop when the object hits a bar. We’ll also include a count of how many bars the object passed through. This is the player’s score. Every Tuesday afternoon we will both meet in the lab from 2pm-4pm. On Thursdays we will work in the lab from 2pm-6pm. We’ll find time throughout the week to both meet in the lab and our homework on our own is to research writing Verilog to project on the monitor. By the first week we will have learned how to program onto the monitor and we will have our object programmed. By the second week we will have implemented the moving bars across the screen. The rest of the time will be spent finishing the score, rules, any randomness of the bars across the screen, and testing. We will keep constant updates through this Google Drive Project and through texting. Through the past labs we have always both been present for working on the labs outside of class. We should try to both be present when we work but for this project we should each work at least 10 hours a week even if it is not spent working together.

